The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. — Walt Disney
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. — Confucius
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit. — Will Durant
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. — Steve Jobs
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't — you're right. — Henry Ford
It always seems impossible until it's done. — Nelson Mandela
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. — Winston Churchill
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. — Mark Twain
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. — Theodore Roosevelt
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. — George Addair
Hard choices, easy life. Easy choices, hard life. — Jerzy Gregorek
You do not rise to the level of your goals. You fall to the level of your systems. — James Clear
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. — Annie Dillard
Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work. — Stephen King
Discipline equals freedom. — Jocko Willink
What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do. — Tim Ferriss
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way. — Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. — Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. — Marcus Aurelius
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. — Seneca
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. — Seneca
It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it. — Seneca
No man is free who is not master of himself. — Epictetus
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. — Epictetus
Make it work, make it right, make it fast. — Kent Beck
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. — Leonardo da Vinci
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. — Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Real artists ship. — Steve Jobs
Stay hungry, stay foolish. — Stewart Brand
The best time to plant a tree was twenty years ago. The second best time is now. — Chinese proverb
Fall down seven times, stand up eight. — Japanese proverb
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. — Lao Tzu
When you reach the top of the mountain, keep climbing. — Zen proverb
Before enlightenment: chop wood, carry water. After enlightenment: chop wood, carry water. — Zen proverb
The obstacle is the path. — Zen proverb
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. — Thomas Edison
I have not failed. I've just found ten thousand ways that won't work. — Thomas Edison
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. — Thomas Edison
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of giants. — Isaac Newton
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field. — Niels Bohr
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding. — Leonardo da Vinci
Learning never exhausts the mind. — Leonardo da Vinci
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. — Mahatma Gandhi
The future depends on what you do today. — Mahatma Gandhi
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. — Mahatma Gandhi
The best revenge is massive success. — Frank Sinatra
Opportunities don't happen. You create them. — Chris Grosser
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. — Sam Levenson
The harder I work, the luckier I get. — Samuel Goldwyn
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. — attributed to Aristotle
Well begun is half done. — Aristotle
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear. — Ambrose Redmoon
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how. — Friedrich Nietzsche
That which does not kill us makes us stronger. — Friedrich Nietzsche
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. — Albert Einstein
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. — Albert Einstein
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. — Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. — Albert Einstein
If you're going through hell, keep going. — Winston Churchill
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. — Vince Lombardi
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up. — Vince Lombardi
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today. — Franklin D. Roosevelt
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky
I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. — Michael Jordan
Champions keep playing until they get it right. — Billie Jean King
It ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. — Rocky Balboa
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did. — H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Whatever you do, do it well. — Walt Disney
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. — Walt Disney
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. — Walt Disney
Do one thing every day that scares you. — Eleanor Roosevelt
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. — Eleanor Roosevelt
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. — Eleanor Roosevelt
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. — Zig Ziglar
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. — Zig Ziglar
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing — that's why we recommend it daily. — Zig Ziglar
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. — Benjamin Franklin
Energy and persistence conquer all things. — Benjamin Franklin
Never confuse motion with action. — Benjamin Franklin
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. — attributed to Albert Einstein
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. — Linus Torvalds
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. — Harold Abelson
Premature optimization is the root of all evil. — Donald Knuth
Deleted code is debugged code. — Jeff Sickel
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren't there. — Gordon Bell
Weeks of coding can save you hours of planning. — Unknown
Make each program do one thing well. — Doug McIlroy
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements. — Brian Kernighan
Vision without execution is just hallucination. — attributed to Thomas Edison
Action is the foundational key to all success. — Pablo Picasso
Every artist was first an amateur. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
The mind is everything. What you think you become. — attributed to Buddha
Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. — attributed to Buddha
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day. — A. A. Milne
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. — Arthur Ashe
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. — Robert Collier
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together. — Vincent van Gogh
If you hear a voice within you say "you cannot paint," then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced. — Vincent van Gogh
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. — Vincent van Gogh
